There are many places you can buy blue widow cannabis seeds, such as <a href="https://www.stickyseeds.co.uk/">Sticky Seeds</a>. Depending on how the seed was cultivated, you could buy regular blue widow cannabis seeds, autoflowering blue widow cannabis seeds, or feminized low priced blue widow cannabis seeds. All of these are different categories of cannabis; however, they are all types of seeds that refer to how a specific type of cannabis has been developed.

By growing and cultivating the cannabis plant, it is possible to take different characteristics from it and create new breeds of cannabis. For example, you might have a female cannabis plant and wish to breed it into a male cannabis plant.

Female marijuana plants will produce male buds when they are in the potting stage. Male buds are more potent than female buds. You should buy only male buds if you want to get the most potency out of your blue widow cannabis seeds. If you buy females, you will be able to create feminized strains and they will be very potent.

Some people are interested in buying blue widow cannabis seeds that have had their sex changed. These plants are known as autoflowered cannabis and will only grow with cannabis plant seeds that are autoflowing. Autoflowering plants are usually very high in potency, because they have been genetically altered so they can only grow. Autoflowering cannabis plants come with very expensive price tags, however, so many people prefer to use this method instead of going through the trouble of growing a cannabis plant. Autoflowing cannabis is also more difficult to care for and grow.
